Hi, this is the question for exercise
81 and up to here this is the same as the previous exercise so you create a script that prompts
the user for a passwords and then it checks for these three conditions.
And if the user didn't enter a password that satisfies these, one of these conditions at least
one of, or all of them, and then you give the exact reason why the user hasn't created a correct password so you give
what condition has not been satisfied.
However for this exercise I'd like you to implement some user name capabilities as well.
Please download this users.txt text file.
Let's say these are user names.
OK.
I know I know these are planets but let's say these are user names in a database.
So we have some existing user names and say you want to create a program where users create their new
username and password, so you have new users, but you have some existing users so you don't want
your new users to choose a user name that is the same as this ones in here, as your current users.
So before asking for a password, please ask the users for a username. This is how the program should
work. Enter username.
Let's say I entered Pluto. It says user name exists.
So I enter a user username again. Ardit, yeah the user name is fine.
If the user name is fine, then you want to go to the next thing which is enter password so the program
is asking me to enter the password.
This now works the same as the previous exercise.
So when you don't satisfy one of these conditions you get these messages.
So let me satisfy all the conditions like that and it says password is fine.
This is, this new program
is quite complex, but if you have the previous script that means you have completed half of this
program.
Hope you solve it.
I'll talk to you later.